subjective	smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
subjective	color , musical bounce and warm seas lapping on island shores . and just enough science to send you home thinking . 
subjective	it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
subjective	a light-hearted french film about the spiritual quest of a fashion model seeking peace of mind while in a love affair with a veterinarian who is a non-practicing jew . 
subjective	my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
subjective	works both as an engaging drama and an incisive look at the difficulties facing native americans . 
subjective	even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
subjective	when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it 's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
subjective	the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
subjective	the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
subjective	the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
subjective	directed by david twohy with the same great eye for eerie understatement that he brought to pitch black . 
subjective	it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
subjective	provides the kind of 'laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
subjective	worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
subjective	watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
subjective	despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
subjective	it 's a good thing that woolly mammoths are extinct , because this movie will have every kid in the schoolyard wishing for their very own . 
subjective	preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
subjective	4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
subjective	si el siglo xxi necesita de hM-iroes , el hombre araM-qa parece haber llegado para quedarse . 
subjective	it 's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
subjective	it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
subjective	writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
subjective	hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
subjective	extremely well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles . 
subjective	a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
subjective	a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
subjective	impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
subjective	though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
subjective	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
subjective	there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening . 
subjective	a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
subjective	it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
subjective	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
subjective	eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
subjective	nair does n't use [ monsoon wedding ] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
subjective	stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
subjective	. . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original . 
subjective	fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
objective	the movie begins in the past where a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi from a hunter . 
objective	emerging from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism and russian constructivism , graffiti removal has secured its place in the history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic achievements . 
objective	spurning her mother 's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 
objective	amitabh ca n't believe the board of directors and his mind is filled with revenge and what better revenge than robbing the bank himself , ironic as it may sound . 
objective	she , among others excentricities , talks to a small rock , gertrude , like if she was alive . 
objective	this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had . 
objective	styled after vh1 's `` behind the music , `` this mockumentary profiles the rise and fall of an internet startup , called icevan . com . 
objective	being blue is not his only predicament ; he also lacks the ability to outwardly express his emotions . 
objective	the killer 's clues are a perversion of biblical punishments for sins : stoning , burning , decapitation . 
objective	david is a painter with painter 's block who takes a job as a waiter to get some inspiration . 
objective	women craved him and men wanted to be him . 
objective	set on an island off the coast of florida , a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a coast guard officer . 
objective	lesson to be learned : never , never mess with `` the gay mafia ! `` 
objective	the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers . 
objective	they 're jewish , they 're grandmothers , and they 're lesbians . 
objective	but he 's neglecting his work , carping at his mom , and behaving badly toward his loyal friend bobbi . 
objective	with all this going on , gerry 's estranged wife margaret is worried for her daughter 's safety and finds herself another target in the race to find the code . 
objective	valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da 's nose in it . 
objective	saigon , 1952 , a beautiful , exotic , and mysterious city caught in the grips of the vietnamese war of liberation from the french colonial powers . 
objective	deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch tucked away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking . 
objective	as a young teenager , he finds out who his father is . 
objective	in life , there 's silver , and there 's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in `` & # 193 ; nglio , `` l . a . 's east side . 
objective	all these games of chasing , rejecting and seducing are played out in an economically and spiritually depressed hong kong , without much gusto . 
objective	television made him famous , but his biggest hits happened off screen . 
objective	jordan is a mom who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 
objective	'bloody magic ' is the story of zack , an eleven year old school boy , who 's family is visited by three debt collectors . 
objective	however , jane , wendy 's 12-year-old daughter , sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales . 
objective	called `` an elegant documentary `` by sundance and `` eloquent and deeply moving `` by the la times , toyo miyatake : infinite shades of gray is a penetrating portrait of this photographer 's search for truth and beauty in a world of impermanence . 
objective	straight up : helicopters in action will take audiences on a series of aerial adventures . 
objective	a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm . 
objective	it also touches on the encroachment of christianity brought by the missionaries , which is at odds with mepe 's tribal and traditional roots . 
objective	a set of grisly murders brings fbi agent will graham ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in search of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who 's driven by the image of a painting . 
objective	soon , the team begins to suspect that knowles ' main objective is actually to recover the prototype of a dna testing machine called the huxley project , which his company has spent years and millions of dollars developing . 
objective	his mother persuades a renowned entomologist to take them on a trip to the jungle to search for the butterfly , leading to an adventure that will transform their lives . 
objective	with a rare gift for melding subjectivity with biographical facts , m & # 225 ; rton brings sabina spielrein back to life , body and soul . 
objective	seeking a mental escape , simone begins to tune into what 's happening with the other couples around her . 
objective	the beatle fan is a drama about albert , a psychotic prisoner who is a devoted fan of john lennon and the beatles . 
objective	then , in 1974 , something incredible happened - they fell in love . 
objective	on her deathbed , candice klein accidentally asks the question , `` what did i ever do to deserve this ? `` 
objective	shot as a `` behind-the-scenes `` look at how a fictional kung-fu movie is made , the film is basically a movie about the making of a movie . 
objective	before the investigation ends , we 've met boyfriends , a drug dealer , alicia 's mom , hadley 's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly . 
