DESC	How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
ENTY	What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
DESC	How can I find a list of celebrities real names ?
ENTY	What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
ABBR	What is the full form of .com ?
HUM	What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
HUM	What team did baseball s St. Louis Browns become ?
HUM	What is the oldest profession ?
DESC	What are liver enzymes ?
HUM	Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
NUM	When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
DESC	Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
HUM	Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
HUM	Who killed Gandhi ?
ENTY	What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
LOC	What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
DESC	What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
NUM	How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
DESC	What is Nine Inch Nails ?
DESC	What is an annotated bibliography ?
NUM	What is the date of Boxing Day ?
ENTY	What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
HUM	Name 11 famous martyrs .
DESC	What s the Olympic motto ?
DESC	What is the origin of the name Scarlett ?
ENTY	What s the second-most-used vowel in English ?
HUM	Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
LOC	What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
ENTY	Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
LOC	Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
ABBR	What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
ENTY	What does a spermologer collect ?
NUM	How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
HUM	Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the super system ?
NUM	How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
DESC	What do Mormons believe ?
NUM	When did the neanderthal man live ?
ENTY	In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
LOC	Where do the adventures of The Swiss Family Robinson take place ?
ENTY	What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
DESC	How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
ENTY	What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
NUM	How many people in the world speak French ?
NUM	How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
DESC	How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
HUM	What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
ENTY	What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
HUM	What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
DESC	How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
ENTY	What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
